I will shoot you
Where did this start?
Jiangnan flood
Is it the next time you use Maifu rice bran for disaster relief?
Isn't this what Junjun did?
History of floods in Jiangnan
The national treasury is short of grain
I also heard that one catty of rice can be exchanged for three catties of Maeve.
Only out of the disaster
Food for one person
3 now.
Then you force the people to build the Shengsendai Yaotai explosion house
It's always enslaving the people
coincidence
The people who happened to build the explosion house in Shengsendai Yaochi
Give me an umbrella today
Why don't you ask him what Su Haixuan's solution is?
Propagate the realm of the common people
Two, some people say that I enslave
You come and tell them that I
Is it true?
Nonsense
It belongs to the mouth full of cracks
Dare to slander since ancient times
True cutting and swaying are all people who bring their own food
Which emperor would send money to the people?
What money to send
We build Shengsendai Yaotai explosion house
You can get two or three taels of silver every month
Enough to feed a family for three or four months
If this is friendship
Then we are willing to be friends for a lifetime
The underground has been the Ming army for thousands of years
We are waiting for the realization of the kindness of the people